### Interface Code Generator - ICG > Checksumming

 a library from a model directory of
source and include files.  Trick's make_build and UNIX's make may be used for these
purposes.

### Makefile Generator - make_build

The make_build processor takes the src and include files in a model directory and
autogenerates a Makefile. Note that make_build will work for mixed *.c and *.h files
in the same directory or for src and include subdirectories. make_build generates a
complete dependency list for the source and header files processed. make_build should
only be run after the ICG processor has been run on all appropriate data structure
definition files. This ensures the io_*.c files created by ICG are processed by
make_build. The command syntax for make_build is as follows:

```
UNIX prompt> make_build [lib <lib_name>]
```

The lib argument causes make_build to generate Makefile syntax for building an
archived (UNIX ar) library for the object files and give the library the name <lib_name>.

The make_build command is rarely used.

### Make Processor - make

Developers will be running GNU make on Makefiles in the SIM directory or model
directories.  Running make in a SIM_ directory with a Makefile generated by CP will
result, hopefully, in a simulation.  Running make in a model directory with a
Makefile generated by make_build will result in either object code for the model
source local to that directory or a library.

Makefile options may be found by typing in:

```
UNIX prompt> make help
```

Additional documentation for make can be found in UNIX manuals for your workstation.

### Viewing Parameters In SIE Database

Sometimes you are trying
