### 5 Verification

1) still
allows for scaling to the eventual size of the strings vector.

* MonteCarloVariableSemiFixed utilizes a two-step process. First, a seed-variable has its value generated, then that
value is copied to this variable. The seed-variable could be a “throw-away” variable, used only to seed this value, or it
could be an instance of another dispersed variable. Once the value has been copied to this instance, it is retained in this
instance for all data sets. The seed-variable will continue to generate a new value for each data set, but they will not be
seen by this variable after that first set.

   The seed-variable can be any type of MonteCarloVariable, but note that not all types of MonteCarloVariable actually
make sense to use in this context. Most of the usable types are specialized types of MonteCarloVariableRandom.

   However, restricting the seed-variable in such a way would limit the extensibility of the model. All
MonteCarloVariableRandom types use the C++ \<random\> library for data generation. Limiting the
MonteCarloVariableSemiFixed type to be seeded only by something using the \<random\> library violates the concept of
free-extensibility. Consequently, the assigned value may be extracted from any MonteCarloVariable type. The only
constraint is that the command generated by the seed-variable includes an “=” symbol; everything to the right of that
symbol will be assigned to this variable.

* MonteCarloPythonLineExec provides a line of executable Python code that can be used to compute the value of this
variable. So rather than generating an assignment statement, e.g.
