### 5 Verification

 are insufficient, such as
when one generated-value that feeds into an analytical algorithm to generate multiple other values. With this class,
the execution of the Python file generated by MonteCarloMaster will hit a call to execute a file as specified by this
class. This is an oddity among the bank of MonteCarloVariable implementations. In all other implementations,
the identifying variable_name is used to identify the variable whose value is to be assigned (or computed). With
the MonteCarloPythonFileExec implementation, the variable_name is hijacked to provide the name of the file to
be executed.

## 3.2 Mathematical Formulation

No mathematical formulation. The random number generators use the C++ \<random\> library.

# 4 User's Guide

## 4.1 What to expect

This role played by this model can be easily misunderstood, so let’s start there.
**This model generates Python files containing assignments to variables.**

That’s it!! It does not manage MonteCarlo runs. It does not execute any simulations. When it runs, it creates the requested
number of Python files and exits.

This design is deliberate; we want the model to generate the instruction sets that will allow execution of a set of dispersed
configurations. At that point, the simulation should cease, returning control to the user to distribute the execution of those
configurations according to whatever distribution mechanism they desire. This could be:

* something really simple, like a wild-card, \<executive\> `MONTE_RUN_test/RUN*/monte_input.py`
* a batch-script,
* a set of batch-scripts launching subsets onto different machines,
* a load-management service, like SLURM
* any
