### Programming Language Support > Source Files > Trick Version Compatibility

 parameter, record this parameter, or view its value.
* `*i` indicates that only input is allowed for the parameter. Parameter may be input through the checkpoint file or ref_assignment, but the parameter will not be recordable or written to a checkpoint file.
* `*o` indicates only output is allowed for the parameter. Parameter may be checkpointed or logged only. They are not reloaded during a checkpoint reload.
* `*io` specifies that both input and output are allowed for the parameter. This is the default condition if the field is omitted from the comment. Parameter may be in input file, may be checkpointed and logged.

Checkpoint I/O may be set separately by adding `trick_chkpnt_io([**|*i|*o|*io])` or `cio([**|*i|*o|*io])` to the comment. If this optional field is not present, the general I/O access field is used to determine checkpoint permissions.

* `**` indicates that Trick will not allow checkpoint input or output. General variable access may still be available.
* `*i` indicates only checkpoint input is allowed for the parameter. Parameters will not be written to the checkpoint.
* `*o` indicates only checkpoint output is allowed for the parameter. Parameter is written to the checkpoint, but not reloaded.
* `*io` specifies that both input and output are allowed for the checkpointing.

#### The Measurement Units Specification
The second field, `trick_units([measurement_units])`, is a required field and specifies the internal source code units for the parameter. These units are important because they give the input processor the knowledge of what units the user's input data needs to be converted to. Trick uses a third-party package, UDUNITS, for units support. It's syntax is specified [here](https://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/udunits/udunits-2.2.28/udunits2lib.html#Syntax).

#### User Defined Attributes Fields

Following the measurement units specification, in the parameter comment, are two optional, user-defined attribute fields. Using these fields, a user can associate (up to 2) character strings with a parameter. These strings are stored in the ATTRIBUTES structures (in the io_src directory) generated by ICG. The first of these optional fields is delimited by brackets (‘[‘ and ‘]’) and is stored in the element ATTRIBUTES->alias. The second is delimited by braces (‘{‘ and ‘}’) and is stored in the element ATTRIBUTES->user_defined. The definition of the ATTRIBUTES structure is found in $TRICK_HOME/trick_source/sim_services/include/attributes.h.

#### Description Fields

The description field is required and must be the last field of the comment. The description field is basically everything after the first three fields. The description field may span multiple lines.

### C++ Header Files

C++
