### A Real Life Trickified Project

_EXCLUDE` and `TRICK_EXCLUDE`, which cause ICG to ignore the headers entirely. It also tells Trick not to compile any source files in the specified directory (and all directories below it) that may be referenced as `LIBRARY_DEPENDENCIES` in user files. Note that it is a colon-delimited list of paths.

You'll need to be more selective if the sim itself or additional non-Trickified headers or source are under the same directory as Trickified headers or source. You may have to resort to individually specifying the full path to every file to be excluded, perhaps using some fancy `find` options to automatically generate the list.

```make
TRICK_PYTHON_PATH += :$(HOME)/myproject/trickified/python
```

This line tells Trick where to find the zipped Python modules generated by SWIG so that you can access the Trickified project from the input file. It is also a colon-delimited list of paths.

```make
TRICK_SWIG_FLAGS += -I$(HOME)/myproject/trickified
```

This line tells Trick where to find the `*_py.i` files generated by ICG and should point to the directory containing `build`. These are necessary if any of your headers include headers from the Trickified project, which is likely, since you otherwise wouldn't be using it. It is a space-delimited list of options. Don't forget to prepend the path with `-I`.

## Simplify Your Users' Lives
While the above is sufficient to use a Trickified project, it's awfully inconvenient to have to add all that stuff to every sim's `S_overrides.mk`. Plus, there are probably more things that need to be added, like header paths and linker flags for any additional libraries on which the project depends. Your users will love your project even more if you provide them with a makefile they can simply include from their `S_overrides.mk`. And it's not just the users that benefit! You'll have to answer far fewer questions about why they can't get your project compiled into their sim if, when your project inevitably changes, all they have to do is pull down the new makefile instead of changing all of their `S_overrides.mk`. Everybody wins! Turning once again to our example, let's call the makefile `myproject.mk` and put it in the `trickified` directory. You may have a name or location that makes more sense for your project. Maybe you already have a `makefiles` directory, or maybe your project supports a number of third party tools and you have a directory for Trick support. But let's keep the example simple:

<pre>${HOME}/myproject/
    include/
        Foo.hh
        Bar.hh
        Baz.hh
    trickified/
        Makefile
        <b>myproject.mk</b>
        S_source.hh
        trickified_myproject.o
        python
        build
