### A Real Life Trickified Project

makefiles` directory, or maybe your project supports a number of third party tools and you have a directory for Trick support. But let's keep the example simple:

<pre>${HOME}/myproject/
    include/
        Foo.hh
        Bar.hh
        Baz.hh
    trickified/
        Makefile
        <b>myproject.mk</b>
        S_source.hh
        trickified_myproject.o
        python
        build/
        .trick/</pre>

Here's the contents of `myproject.mk`. It's everything from the previous section plus some other things you might find useful.

```make
# We know this file's position relative to the root directory of the project,
# and MAKEFILE_LIST will give us the full path to this file no matter where the
# user has installed this project.
export MYPROJECT_HOME := $(abspath $(dir $(lastword $(MAKEFILE_LIST)))/..)

# Make MYPROJECT_HOME available to the sim at run time. This isn't necessary,
# but it can be useful if your users need to reference something from your
# project at run time.
TRICK_GTE_EXT += MYPROJECT_HOME

# Specify include paths for your headers.
MYPROJECT_INCLUDE := -I$(MYPROJECT_HOME)/include

# Specify include paths for your source, which users will need if they list
# any of your project's source files in a LIBRARY_DEPENDENCIES section.
MYPROJECT_SOURCE := -I$(MYPROJECT_HOME)/source

# Users may set different flags for C and C++, so you should really modify both
# to be safe.
TRICK_CFLAGS   += $(MYPROJECT_INCLUDE) $(MYPROJECT_SOURCE)
TRICK_CXXFLAGS += $(MYPROJECT_INCLUDE) $(MYPROJECT_SOURCE)

# Enable Trickification support if Trick >= 17.1.
# Otherwise, let Trick generate all of the io_* and *_py code as usual.
ifneq ($(wildcard $(TRICK_HOME)/share/trick/makefiles/trickify.mk),)

    MYPROJECT_TRICK := $(MYPROJECT_HOME)/trickified/trickified_myproject.o

    # Tell Trick the headers and source at this location are part of a
    # Trickified project
    TRICK_EXT_LIB_DIRS += :$(MYPROJECT_HOME)

    # Tell Trick where to find the zipped Python modules generated by SWIG
    TRICK_PYTHON_PATH += :$(MYPROJECT_HOME)/trickified/python

    # Tell SWIG where to find *_py.i files
    TRICK_SWIG_FLAGS += -I$(MYPROJECT_HOME)/trickified

    # Link in the Trickified object
    TRICK_LDFLAGS += $(MYPROJECT_TRICK)

    # Append a prerequisite to the $(SWIG_SRC) target. This will build the
    # Trickified library along with the sim if it does not already exist. Using
    #
